Reflections- Group 6

Dalton Fowler 
"Learned how to set up and populate github projects to be used for sprint planning and tracking. Designing, developing, and creating user stories is something I have never done so it was a learning experience going through that process. As well as taking user stories from the group completing the project we proposed and providing feedback on their user stories and comparing and contrasting how that group thought about the feature we anticipated to have implemented."



Matthew Harris
"This was my first time using Django, and I have very limited experience with HTML and CSS, so nearly everything with Sprint 0-3 was a learning experience. I found it interesting exploring the various files generated by Django project, such as views.py, models.py, and others, understanding how they interact and function together. The same applied to styling with HTML and CSS, which was also a new challenge for me."


Ronan Hella
"This sprint was a learning experience for me because this was my first time setting up GitHub to its fullest potential by using projects, issues and code storage. I also had done homework assignments on Django but never actually set anything up for use outside of that. I learned a lot about Django and the things that it creates for you by default that you add to in order to make your own project. I  have not used HTML and CSS/Bootstrap etc. much at all before this class so creating the page and learning those things was a new experience for me. I found that even though these things are new, they are pretty easy to get a hang of how to use."


Maxwell Hymer
"Through this project, I learned how to code in HTML, a skill I previously lacked. I gained this knowledge through homework assignments, online references, and additional research using resources like W3Schools and Geeks for Geeks. This experience helped me understand the structure and functionality of web pages, improve my troubleshooting skills, and develop a better approach to learning new technologies. While I am still in the early stages of learning, this project has given me a decent foundation in HTML so far and a better understanding of how web development works, motivating me to continue exploring and improving my skills"


Brianna Knight
"This initial sprint was a great learning experience when it comes to working cohesively and learning more about software tools. Throughout my college career so far, there's been a huge focus on the coding itself and not so much the additional software required especially while working with my team. I learned alot about working with Django, and how pertinent it is to understand what each request is doing. Furthermore, with this class ramping up, it was really nice to see where our team is at as far as working together goes. Obtaining the user stories was really insightful when it came to dividing these stories into individual tasks."